Add Guide for Series Entity (#8)
bookbrainz/bookbrainz-user-guide: docs/tutorials/series.md

# Series 
-------
A series is a sequence of separate works, authors, editions, edition groups, or publishers with a common theme. The theme is usually prominent in the branding of the entities in the series and the individual entities will often have been given a number indicating the position in the series.

### Examples

<!-- update the examples with bookbrainz.org url once the series feature is released.  -->

- [The Lord of the Rings](https://test.bookbrainz.org/series/8868b54c-3d85-4067-aacc-63c3fc0c4b01)
- [Harry Potter](https://test.bookbrainz.org/series/e9ffde6e-ffa7-4fe3-b8c5-e548bcbcc938)

### Series Type

> The type primarily describes what type of entity the series contains. The possible values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The type primarily describes what type of entity the series contains. A series can only contain a single type of entity; mixed entity types are not supported. The possible values are:
```

2) Let's create a series [**The Lord of the Rings**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lord_of_the_Rings), an epic high fantasy novel by the English author and scholar **J. R. R. Tolkien**.

- Give the series a name, sort name, and the language.
- Select the ordering type of the series from the dropdown list. (default is **Automatic**)
- Select the type of the series from the series type dropdown list. (default is **Work**)

![series editor](../images/series-2.png)

-------
**3)** <em>The Lord of the Rings</em> has 3 volumes.

- Chapter 1: The Fellowship of the Ring
- Chapter 2: The Two Towers
- Chapter 3: The Return of the King

Let's add these works to the series.

Search for the works and add them to the series.

![series editor](../images/series-3.png)

------
![series editor](../images/series-4.png)

continue the same process for the other two works and add them to the series.

![series editor](../images/series-5.png)

Give each work a number, indicating their sequence in the series. For example: <em>**The Fellowship of the Ring**</em> is the first chapter of the series, we can assign it a value 1, and so on for the other two works.

![series editor](../images/series-6.png)

> **Note:** It is not necessary only to assign a numeric value, you can assign any character. In this case, we could have assigned A, B, C instead of 1, 2, 3 or even something more descriptive like "Chapter 1" or "The First Book".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** You are not limited to numeric values, this is a free text field. In this case, we could have assigned "Book One", "Book Two" and "Book Three" instead of 1,2,3. ```

I think this  could be clearer, otherwise we are bound to get remarks about the LOTR trilogy being named "Book One", etc. :p
